Final Project: Library 

In this project, you will be tasked to implement a small library system to interact with users of different roles (i.e., a librarian or 
a customer). The user should log in to the system first using their login credential information stored in some text files -- one for each 
type of user, but the formatting is up to you. An example format could be the following, where each line holds the information for one 
user and passwords are separated from usernames with a space:

----Example User Info file:
Username1 password1
Username2 password2

The user will be given certain number of attempts to login (say, 3). If the user cannot provide the correct login information within the 
given attempts, the system will exit (or the corresponding account will be frozen -- it is up to you for the consequence). Otherwise, the 
program will enter and display different menu options for the user to select with. Note that librarians and customers should see different 
lists of options. For instance, librarians should be able to add books to the library as well as remove them, while customers cannot. 
Customers should be able to search and select books to check out or return from the existing list of books. 

A text file must be used to store information about the books owned by the library (i.e., mimicking a book database system). Examples of 
the information of a book that may be stored include its title, author(s), ISBN number, year of publication, publisher, status/whether the 
book is available to check out, etc.. Again, exact formatting is up to you. When the librarians and/or customers change the list of books 
with their available operations, these changes should be reflected in the text file where the book information is stored.
 
Mandatory Criteria:
- (80 points) The program as a whole:
- Must contain 2-3 classes (programs containing less than 2 classes will receive a 50% penalty)
- Must use file I/O (programs with no file I/O will receive a 20% penalty)
- (20 points) A one-page description of how the classes were constructed and how work was divided amongst group members (please list names 
  of the members)

Bonus Points:
- (up to 5 points) If inheritance is used
- (up to 5 points) If polymorphism is used
- (up to 5 point) If exception handling is used
